## Description
This package contains two entry points:
1. [`safety_gate_robot`](./safety_watchdog/safety_gate_robot.py): Implementation of the safety status-based velocity regulation pass-through node for a UR5 robot. Based on the status of the [`red_button`](../safety_monitor/safety_monitor/red_button.py) and the current [`proximity_status`](../safety_monitor/safety_monitor/proximity_sensor.py), the gate slows-down, speeds-up, or stops the robot operation. This node is packed with the [`config_robot.py`](./safety_watchdog/config_robot.py) which specifies the communication topics.

    The safety gate for the UR5 robot in this example is only able to handle trajectories with a single point in them. The reasoning behind this decision is provided in [`robot_controllers/README.md`](../robot_controllers/README.md#L7)

2. [`safety_gate_turtle`](./safety_watchdog/safety_gate_turtle.py): Implementation of the safety status-based velocity regulation pass-through node for a turtlebot. Based on the status of the [`red_button`](../safety_monitor/safety_monitor/red_button.py) and the current [`proximity_status`](../safety_monitor/safety_monitor/proximity_sensor.py), the gate slows-down, speeds-up, or stops the robot operation. Further reasoning for the purpose of this node is provided in the [main README file](../../README.md#L90). This node is packed with the [`config_turtle.py`](./safety_watchdog/config_turtle.py) which specifies the communication topics; and a [`translators_turtle.py`](./safety_watchdog/translators_turtle.py) which defines translator functions specific to this entry point. These additional files are intended as requirement indicators in case the `safety_gate` node is meant to be used with another robot/application.

Both nodes are packed with the [`config_gate.py`](./safety_watchdog/config_gate.py). This configuration file contains the operation mode definitions, proximity thresholds, velocity multipliers, as well as a hysteresis-based state transition graph. Additionally, the definition of the object containing the robot's operation status is also provided in this file for conciseness.